♪ MTV ♪
Well. I tell you what.
I've seen some terrible ideas
- in my day.
- It's the least
I can do. and it'll be
nice to have some company.
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
You remember what
happened to them?
Private
banks won't touch
- fossil fuels anymore.
- How many wells?
- Three hundred.
- What do you need me for?
The stars aligned.
We're pushing the chips
toward the middle.
You're pushing 300 million
chips in the middle. Monty.
Well. they're my chips.
aren't they. Tommy?
I'm gonna start
volunteering there.
- I know what you people need.
- What's that?
Whatever you did. keep doing it.
Whoo!
- Who's that?
- Ryder Sampson.
He's the quarterback. All State.
- Say you're mine.
- I'm yours.
Wrong. You're fucking mine!
We need more than this clown
watching this place.
Would you
look at this for me?
- The other families signed.
- If you refuse.
we will be forced
to withhold payment
to the other families.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I've been baptized ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ I've been washed out ♪
♪ In the rain ♪
♪ I've been frozen.
so I don't... ♪
So. they sent you
for a wrench. and
while your back
was conveniently turned.
the pumpjack blew.
No. I-I was running back
from the truck when it blew.
- Why were you running?
- 'Cause that's what you do.
Hurry.
When someone asks for
something. you haul ass.
And he needed this tool to...?
I don't know why.
I'm assuming the
tool... a wrench. yes?
- A pipe wrench.
- A pipe wrench
would be the proper
tool to secure a valve?
Lady. it
was my second day.
I didn't know the proper
way to do anything.
Right.
What we are offering her.
and the other family members.
is almost half a
million dollars...
each.
That is enough to
pay off her mortgage.
cover her bills for two decades
and still put that
baby through college.
But if the choice
is to seek damages
from the company you work for...
well. then. we must
scrutinize everything.
Every family.
And this?
I mean. do you have any
idea how bad this looks?
Husband dead less than a month
and you're sleeping
in his fucking bed?
The one person who
survived the explosion
completely unscathed.
You know exactly which valve
and which tool. don't you?
And the reason you were running
was to get as far away
as you possibly could.
- Fuck you.
If she fails to sign.
and seeks litigation.
I will crucify you
to destroy her.
And I do mean destroy.
You will be criminally
investigated.
Have you been helping
her with her finances?
Have you sold any of
Elvio's belongings?
I seem to recall a
pretty fancy pickup
that's no longer out front.
You see where I'm going
with this. don't you?
It's not true. and you know it.
You're the only one who
knows the truth. Cooper.
Because you're the
only one who survived.
And I reject your truth.
I think I'll invent my own.
♪ Gentle music ♪
Ah. forgive me for
not standing. Monty.
I'm pretty wedged in here good.
You have the railroad
commissioner at 9:15.
Mm-hmm.
There's two types of
men in this world.
Those who like hollandaise sauce
and those who
absolutely detest it.
- Which one are you?
- Can't say
I've ever really had it.
I'm not much of a
breakfast guy myself.
I guess there's three
types.
My wife has me on this diet.
you can eat whatever you want.
I mean. it's all
portion control.
Eat breakfast like a king.
lunch like a prince and
dinner like a pauper.
- I've heard of that.
- Yeah. problem is.
you wake up at midnight
starving and eat
a bowl of ice
cream or a sandwich
- and screw the whole deal.
- Coffee?
Uh. tea. please.
- Decaffeinated. herbal.
- Sure.
Are you
on. you on statins?
I'm on
every fucking thing
they can put me on.
pardon my French.
You ever hear of
that guy in the '70s
who wrote a best-selling
book about jogging.
then died of a heart attack
while he was jogging?
All these pills and diets.
I don't think they make
the slightest difference.
I think God knows exactly
when we're leaving this place
before he ever puts us here.
Actors in a play.
that's all we are.
- Eh. maybe so.
- What can we do you for?
Well. I'm having a little
cartel difficulty in the patch.
It's starting to affect
our drilling schedule.
- Affecting it how?
- Intimidating workers.
blocking roads. stealing
equipment. usual shit.
Big five doing
anything about it?
If they are. it ain't working.
This fucking border.
Washington's got its
head so deep in the sand
it's staring at the
sewers in Beijing.
Here's the issue. Monty.
DPS doesn't have enough
manpower to be effective.
beyond traffic
stop and searches.
And Rangers. they're
an investigative group.
and there aren't enough
to have an impact.
Yeah. well. I have a solution.
- What is that?
- Texas National Guard.
I deploy the National Guard?
I don't want you to deploy them.
but they have to train. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- So...
maybe they train there.
Uh. Monty. uh. when
the military train.
they shoot guns and drop bombs.
I'm not sure how compatible
that is with petroleum products.
Yeah. well. I'd prefer
they didn't bomb the wells.
but there's about
75.000 acres there.
Maybe they can figure out
somewhere else to bomb.
Look. th-there's a National
Guard base in Odessa
that has to schlep 400
miles to Fort Hood to train.
if they can get a slot.
Shit. they can drive
15 minutes here
and do whatever
the fuck they want.
You want me to lease it?
I-I'll give it to you.
I don't give a shit
if they go dove hunting on it.
as long as they're out there.
A lot.
Who's in command of that post?
- Colonel Ivey.
- All right.
And. uh. you got a
landman out in Odessa?
Tommy Norris.
Tommy? He's still scratching
away out there. huh?
- Still scratching.
- Hmm.
Well...
put him in touch with
Ivey. see if they can
figure something out.
Uh. don't put me
on the news. Monty.
Thank you. Governor.
You know. when we
were coming up.
I'd have picked Tommy
over anyone to make it.
Well. he did make
it. Then he lost it.
Yeah. You know why?
'Cause it's all been decided
before we even start.
Maybe so.
- Thanks again.
- All right.
I was
just showing Ariana
some different
investment strategies
she could implement
with the funds.
And with interest
rates in the sixes.
well. she has some
real attractive options
to secure her son's future.
What does Cooper think?
Let's ask him.
What do you think?
A million.
That's what I think.
A million?
You weren't standing
on that doorstep
this morning at 7 a.m.
'cause you're sitting
on a strong case.
You want to go to trial? Fine.
Her lawyer is gonna file
environmental claims with TCEQ.
seek safety and
equipment reviews
from OSHA and the
Railroad Commission.
Been all over these
pumps and holding tanks.
I ain't seen one
that'll pass yet.
Then it's the deposition.
and. yeah. sure.
you might rake me
through the coals.
but what pearls of
wisdom will the other 700
M-TEX oil riggers put
in the public record?
If it's worth 1.2 million
to avoid trial.
it's worth three.
And why are you carrying
the load for all this?
Where's your insurance company?
What the fuck don't
you want them to see?
So. yeah. It's a million.
Yeah. I have a
counter on the settlement.
A what? Did they
hire an attorney?
Came up with it on their own.
They what?
Uh. hold on. let me-let
me get in the car.
Did you say
"no attorney"?
I'm not in a position
to answer that.
You think you're pretty
smart. don't you?
Smart enough.
- How much?
- A million.
Jesus. Nate. How the fuck
did they know to counter?
One of the family members
asked Cooper Norris to sit in.
Who...
Tommy Norris' kid?
My fucking employee.
Cooper Norris?
Yes. sir.
Oh. Jesus.
All right.
Do the million with an NDA
and restrict the offer to
whoever the fuck he's advising.
With an NDA.
- What's an NDA?
- It means you can't
disclose the settlement
or the amount of the
settlement with anyone.
including other family members.
- Which means they don't get it.
- That's not fair.
- Oh...
- No.
No. they all need to get it.
They won't sign unless
it's for all three.
Put Rebecca on the phone.
- Yes. sir?
- Hey. there!
I thought you were pretty hot
shit after that deposition.
but looks like you're getting
hustled here by a fucking worm
off a work-over crew.
Now. you think this-this
widow is gonna be able
to find a litigator to
work on contingency?
Not without his help. but I
think she can count on that.
Fuck it.
Pay it and paper it
and then fire that lying.
backstabbing son of a bitch.
Uh...
You can't do that. sir.
It's wrongful termination.
Tell him not to worry. I quit.
He is tendering his resignation.
Oh! Well. fucking great.
It looks like
something's finally going
my fucking way.
There
are four boxes.
initials in those.
Sign right there.
Let me look over that.
Let me give
you the highlights.
It says you can't sue
M-TEX for anything. ever.
Nothing in the past.
nothing in the future. If an
M-TEX helicopter drops
an anvil on your house.
you have no recourse.
That's what a
million dollars buys.
and if you don't like that...
and I sure hope you don't...
then I will see you in court.
What do you think?
Sign it.
There you go.
You crazy kids. don't
spend it all in one place.
Rebecca.
I wish you the best in
your future endeavors.
- I don't know what that means.
- It means go fuck yourself.
Rebecca!
We are very sorry for your loss.
You did a good thing.
You quit your job over me.
I'm gonna run an
oil company one day.
and I'm not gonna
run it like that.
I learned all they
could teach me.
I feel happy and I shouldn't.
Elvio died for this.
I shouldn't look
at you and feel...
It's too soon to feel
what I feel for you.
Then we wait.
I don't want to wait.
I'm gonna fix this
other room for you.
Ah. fuck.
I'll move all this
to the garage.
Um. and I will buy a mattress.
Maybe I should stay
somewhere else.
Where?
You just quit your job.
You can barely walk.
You're really up the
creek without a pickle.
Without a paddle.
Or I could be "in a pickle."
Being up a creek without
a pickle isn't a problem.
It's... it's no paddle.
that's the problem.
Well. you're one of those.
whichever one's worse.
♪ If you heard somebody
talking about ♪
♪ Staying in tonight ♪
♪ Need a break from the
bar and the beer... ♪
♪ And the wild and free ♪
♪ You didn't hear that from me ♪
♪ If somebody said put that
paycheck straight in... ♪
- Morning. Dale.
- Mm-hmm.
Is my mom up yet?
My mom?
Pretty sure she's awake.
but I don't think she's up.
When you see her. will
you tell her I'm ready?
Gonna eat outside.
It is so pretty today.
♪ Oh. you didn't
hear that from me ♪
I don't know who the
hell you're mad at.
but they're not
hiding inside of me.
Sorry. honey. I just got
a little carried away.
So much for my
fucking spin class.
When I wake up.
I want gentle. soft. slow
Sunday morning sex.
That was Saturday sex.
We don't do Saturday sex at
eight in the fucking morning.
So. read the fucking room. baby.
Read the fucking room.
Don't
smoke in this house!
How'd you know I was smoking?
I just lit the son of a bitch.
'Cause I can fucking smell it.
You were smoking in the house
- last night.
- Yes.
At night.
Different rules during
the fucking day.
Would you eat cereal
for fucking supper?
Until you moved in.
that's all I ate.
For supper?
Yeah. Well. sometimes.
I would eat them little
Chef Boyardee raviolis
- out of the can.
- Ugh.
And didn't even heat it up.
Just opened the can
and ate 'em right out.
Don't you dare
call them ravioli.
I don't call them raviolis.
the company calls 'em that.
It's on the goddamn label.
They are the farthest
fucking thing from ravioli.
It's fucking disgusting.
is what it is.
Way to start the fucking day.
baby. You know. thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'm really looking forward to
12 more hours of this shit.
Fuck.
Son of a bitch.
How you doing. Dale?
I just listened
to my entire first marriage
condensed into five minutes.
and I am fucking exhausted.
Hey. listen. if we have any
cans of ravioli in the pantry.
they may want to find
their way to the trash can.
I struck a nerve.
Morning. honey.
Hey. sweetheart. Morning.
- Oh. my God.
- What the fuck?
Why are you sneaking
up on me like that?
I wasn't sneaking. I'm
just saying good morning.
Shit. I'm sorry.
I dropped my yogurt.
Sorry. My fault.
Ryder invited me to...
Bible study tonight. where we...
discuss the virtues
of abstinence.
He invited you to what?
Daddy. you told me to lie.
So what time is this
Bible study over?
Midnight?
- Maybe one?
- You gonna read the whole Bible?
- Ready. baby?
- Hey. can we go
to Starbucks before spin?
Oh. we're doing the
elliptical today. baby.
Your daddy was a brute. Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna go entertain my old
folks. and then I'll be home.
What about you?
Well. it's gonna
be like every day.
It's gonna be late. it's
gonna be after dark.
and if there's a problem.
it'll be darker and later.
Pumping oil 24 hours a day now?
- Yeah. for the past 130 years.
- Right.
- Bye. Daddy.
- Bye. babe.
Starbucks!
This is. uh...
I... I
mean... It...
I-I know. Yeah. Yeah.
Maybe it's time to think
about getting your own house.
You know. wouldn't that be nice?
Hang on a second.
- Hey. Monty.
- Hey.
Check your email.
You're gonna link up
with this colonel from
the Texas Army Guard.
He needs maps of all of our
rigs and pads and tanks
and transfer stations.
- everything.
- All right. I got 'em.
Good. Let me know how it goes.
Okay. Thank you. sir.
We're in business.
Get those drilling rigs out
to the Sage Creek
lease. all right?
You get security?
I got something
better than that.
Take me
to the hospital.
♪ Slow. tense music ♪
Yeah. it's
all the way past...
Shit. you can't even see
the end of it from here.
Most of the oil and gas
production is over on here
on the south side of the road.
So. over here. bombs away.
What we typically do
is bring out old cars.
set 'em up and use 'em.
This area's good for
small arms training.
but I wouldn't want to
drop ordinance over here.
How often are tankers
emptying those holding tanks?
- Every day.
- Yeah. I don't know
how much use we could
get out of this.
Well. don't y'all march around
and go on long hikes
and shit like that?
You can't do that here?
We could PT out here for sure.
This place is great
for infil-exfil drills.
You're just looking for a
presence to serve as deterrents
to all the drug activity
out here. is that the deal?
That's the deal.
- We can do that.
- Okay.
We can use this area
for night ambushes.
Some CQB work.
You mind if we build
some semi-permanent
structures over here?
Shit. you can build
whatever you want to.
You can put in a
fucking Starbucks
as far as I'm concerned.
You know. 35th is down here.
They could get some
use out of this.
What's 35th?
Assault helicopter
unit out of Kansas.
Now. that's what
I'm talking about.
- Right there.
- We can have 'em
running surveillance
flights this afternoon.
Fucking outstanding. sir.
Now. oh. hang on a second.
I got a call coming in.
Hey. thank you guys. Very much.
Yes. sir?
Hey. listen.
You're gonna have to
- have a word with your son.
- About what?
About tripling my cost
on settling this blowout.
- Let's have you raise your arm.
- Yeah. fine. Shit.
Where are you. Monty?
Yeah. I-I... I'm just
trying to get through
another day here.
Tommy. all right?
Now. your boy quit and
I'm not having him back.
Yes. sir. I understand that.
I appreciate you giving
him the opportunity.
Great. Well. it only cost
me $3 million dollars.
Who's this?
- Well. hey. Cami.
- Tommy?
We're in the hospital.
So he's gonna have
to call you back.
Actually. you know what.
I'll call you back.
And if you need something.
then you call my cell. not his.
Oh. okay.
Yes. ma'am. I understand.
Sorry. I'll talk
to y'all later.
Ugh.
You know this piece of shit used
to be a Motel 6 at some point.
We're gonna have to
remodel the whole thing.
Cute logo.
Hi!
They're all impatiently
waiting for you two.
- What's with the sprinter van?
- It's for field trips.
Field trips where?
Well. anywhere. I guess.
We haven't actually
taken one yet.
But you've got the van.
We have the van.
- We've got the van.
- Mm-hmm.
♪ "La Grange" by ZZ Top ♪
♪ Rumor spreading round ♪
♪ In that Texas town ♪
♪ About that shack
outside La Grange ♪
♪ And you know what
I'm talking about ♪
♪ Just let me know
if you want to go ♪
♪ To that home
out on the range ♪
♪ They got a lot of nice girls ♪
♪ Have mercy ♪
♪ A-haw. haw. haw-haw ♪
♪ Heh. a-haw. haw-haw ♪
♪ Well. I hear it's fine ♪
♪ If you got the time
♪ And the ten to
get yourself in ♪
♪ A-hmm. hmm... ♪
Whoa! A strike!
♪ Most every night ♪
♪ But now I might be mistaken ♪
♪ Hmm. hmm. hmm... ♪
Babe.
Aw. that's so cute.
How long have they
been together?
About three weeks.
Three weeks?
Yeah.
I bet there's more
hanky-panky going on
at the nursing home
than in your house.
You don't want
any part of that bet. Ethel.
You think you'll
find love again?
You never lost a lover. did you?
No.
Wouldn't want to go
through that twice.
Mm.
But I would like to have a
dick in my face one last time.
Let me see what I can do
- about that.
- Mm.
They were dancing
and eating pizza.
It takes so little
to make them happy.
Yeah. uh-huh. Yeah.
But the way that they live? Oh.
Stuck in some fucking
renovated motel
and nobody comes to
visit them. Ever.
- I mean. nobody.
- Mm-hmm.
It's like they're
fucking forgotten.
Oh. yeah. Awful.
Know what you should
do with these?
Put 'em in a blender.
grind 'em up.
mix in some water
and then inject it
directly into your ass. 'cause
that's where it's going.
You know. Angela?
I
ain't too worried
- about how my ass looks.
- Well. how about
your arteries? You give
a shit how they look?
- I make dinner every night.
- Mm-hmm.
Clean food. Good for your body.
good for your soul. and you
eat that fucking catfish food.
Come on. Dale.
Ooh.
- Hi. baby.
- Hey. honey.
Thank God. You tapping in?
- I'm in. bud.
- Ah.
Fucking hell.
How was your day. baby?
Shit. Let me get this
before I answer that.
Mm.
Fuck.
Yeah?
Can you meet?
- I'd rather not.
- Let me rephrase that.
We need to meet.
All right. fine. How about
the Patch Cafe in
a half an hour?
Babe. my day is not over. I'll
be back in a couple hours.
You're no fun.
Honey. it's not
fun for me either.
Thanks.
I don't want a four-course meal
and a lecture on the cuisine.
I just want a fucking sandwich.
Then you better make it quick.
You talk to Monty?
Heart attack.
- That his fifth?
- Yeah. I think so.
What'd Cooper do?
He played the game.
And he played it well.
Well. he's playing a
dangerous game with this girl.
Nearly got him killed
and it still might.
I don't think he's
playing with her. Tommy.
The way those two
look at each other...
Yep?
I'm gonna need an hour.
Say eight. then.
Okay. I'll see you then.
All right. Nate.
I'm gonna try to un-fuck this.
Or at least figure it out.
Best of luck.
I got it. Daddy.
The hell are you going in that?
Bible study. remember?
Evening. sir.
Evening.
Hi.
Where y'all headed tonight?
Um... Bible study. sir.
Is that right?
Yes. sir.
- I'll be.
- Yeah.
Huh. What's the subject
of tonight's Bible study?
Um... the...
virtues of
"asbtituh"?
- "Ab-abstu"?
- Abstinence.
"Abstinenn." sir.
Okay. You know what
that word means?
I. um...
I do not. sir.
Well. first off. it's not
a word the way you said it.
It's "abstinence."
And what it means is
don't fuck my daughter.
But I'm not telling you that.
That's a direct
command from God.
God is telling you
don't fuck my daughter.
- Understood?
- Yes. sir.
I need to get by.
I'm sorry.
♪ I've been up and
down these highways ♪
♪ Put up wet and
rode too hard... ♪
Where do you want to go?
I don't know where to go.
I'm not from here.
- We could go to dinner.
- Hmm.
I can't eat in this dress.
♪ I know it's all
been worth it... ♪
I wish I'd thought to
say to bring a swimsuit.
- I have a swimsuit.
- With you?
Of course.
I'm from Aledo.
No matter how a night starts.
it always ends in a pool.
♪ Then I made it
just to spite... ♪
I hear that place
is something else.
Yeah. but it's not that
different from here.
If...
you know. here it was
clean and-and pretty.
So. where do we go swimming?
Refinery just filled
a new reservoir.
Only light is from
the flare. so...
water looks orange.
It's like swimming in fire.
Well. swimming in fire
doesn't make much sense.
Ain't nothing like it in
Aledo. I can promise you that.
Show me.
♪ What I have yet to find ♪
♪ I keep searching for a song ♪
Well. all right.
♪ I keep praying for
the young bloods ♪
♪ Next in line to
take my place ♪
♪ And the next one
to stand up and say ♪
♪ So I showed 'em who I was ♪
♪ And then I made
it just to spite ♪
La cena está lista.
Sorry. supper's ready.
You okay?
Uh...
I think I'm stuck.
S-Stuck?
It's. uh...
It's my right arm.
- I can't...
- Okay.
Well...
All right. I am just going
to pull this down.
Okay. just...
Okay. Hey.
Sorry.
It's. uh...
I don't how I'm
gonna get it off.
Well. how did you get
it off the first time?
Oh. it wasn't pretty.
You quit your job.
Got beat up.
And in exchange. you do my bills
and mow the lawn.
For me. great. but you...
not sure I see the upside.
Looking at you is the upside.
Supper's ready.
You already said that.
I know.
Frustrating pattern
we're establishing.
Maybe it's not a pattern.
Maybe it's God
warning us to stop.
- Mr. Norris.
- Oh. Tommy's fine.
Uh. how you doing?
I'm fine.
Yeah. Is Cooper here?
Yeah.
I'd like to talk to
him. if you don't mind.
Uh. yeah. we're just about
to have supper. Come in...
Oh. well. no. I-I don't want
to interrupt. I can just...
- Uh. I can talk to him later.
- No. please.
Uh. Cooper.
When a Mexican woman tells you
to eat. the only answer is yes.
Oh. Okay.
Thank you.
Okay. Come on. eat.
Use a bowl for the churipo.
Which one's that. hon?
That's good. that's good.
Thank you.
What's that deal?
Uh. it's a corunda.
It's. like. a type of tamale.
Just unwrap it.
Oh.
So. uh...
I'd like to. uh...
Ooh.
Sorry.
Yeah. it takes some
getting used to.
Bet it does.
I like hot stuff.
don't get me wrong.
but. boy. that's...
sneak up on you.
Mm. That's how my
grandma made it.
Huh. yeah.
So. what is this...
what-what are y'all up to?
She's scared here alone and I
need somewhere to heal up...
No. no. no. no. Uh-uh.
We're not doing that.
We're telling the truth here.
What is this?
What are y'all doing?
- Trying to figure it out.
- Yeah?
How's that going?
Little clumsy.
I'm not surprised.
I know what you think this is.
I'm scared.
A widow with a
baby and no future.
And you're right.
I am those things.
But if I was looking for
a man to take care of me.
the 22-year-old worm
on a work-over crew
would not be my solution.
So I don't know what this is.
Am I grieving?
Am I avoiding it?
Or did God show mercy on me
and give me another
love already?
Elvio was funny.
kind to me.
He bought this house.
Built a life.
But Elvio never once looked
at me the way he looks at me.
Not once.
Ever.
It's every time he looks.
And I like it.
So what do I do with that?
Your supper's over. too.
Maybe we fall in love
and last 50 years.
Maybe next week I realize that
I'm just hiding from this thing.
Maybe I fall in love. and
all he feels is guilt.
So. like I said.
it's clumsy.
I'm gonna let it be.
Thank you for stopping by.
Judge me all you
want from that truck.
but I will not be judged
in my own fucking house.
Son. you might've outkicked
your coverage on this one.
Thank you for the food. hon.
I can't think of one
thing in the world
that would be better than
the two of you lasting
for the next 50 years.
And if it's not with him.
I hope you find somebody.
'Cause you're one of
the few that I've met
that actually deserves it. okay?
What are you doing?
I thought supper was over.
It's over for everyone but you.
Sit down. flaco.
Eat.
There's nothing
you can do. Cooper.
Just eat.
What
are they burning?
Uh. it's the. uh.
gas that comes up with the oil
when it comes to the surface.
Got to burn it off or else
it'll build up till it explodes.
Has that ever happened?
Yeah. it happens enough
to have companies
that do nothing but put 'em out.
When they're talking about
"bad for the environment."
that's what they're
talking about.
You believe that stuff?
When I look at that. I do.
Well...
I can promise you all
those Chinese lithium mines
are bad for the environment.
They say that cattle burping's
bad for the environment.
Now they want to get
rid of all the cattle.
What about us?
There's seven billion of us.
We don't burp?
They put solar panels
and wind turbines
on these lands that
kill these birds.
disrupt their patterns.
Then they stick 'em in the
ocean and kill the whales.
You want to know what
the worst thing is
for the environment.
the very worst.
- in the whole damn world?
- Tell me.
What is it?
You and me.
Humans.
Yeah.
And they got a
plan for that. too.
just you wait.
We have not seen
our last pandemic.
You're one of those.
I am one of those.
Why are you one of those?
- You trying to dunk me?
- Yes. I am.
- How's that working out?
- I can't.
- I did not see that coming.
- Whatever.
Someone's here.
All the roughneck bring
their girlfriends here.
But never their wives.
God. you are something.
I like you.
Right back at you.
Now I'm gonna test you.
I like a good test.
We'll see about that.
Where are we going?
To take your test.
♪ Pretty good at faking sober ♪
♪ And pretty good at
crossing over... ♪
Hey.
- All right. let me have it.
- Oh. I plan to.
Your son lives with one
of the victims' wife.
Did you know that?
Yeah. I did.
Didn't think that's
information worth sharing?
It's a new development.
Oh. yeah. I'm aware.
Because she had
a fucking husband
three weeks ago.
What are the odds
that on his first
day... his first day...
he just happens to
be assigned by you
to that workover crew.
And on that first day
a pumpjack...
not a drilling rig.
not a workover rig.
but a pumpjack...
explodes and kills the husband
of the woman he
now lives with...
Now hang on a sec. what
are you trying to say?
I'm not done.
It turns out that this worm
is two months from a
petroleum engineering degree.
with a minor in geology.
Couple this with the fact
that pumpjacks are so stable
a means of extracting oil.
they go unmonitored for years.
Years.
There are pumpjacks
installed in the 1930s
that are still in use.
In fact. pumpjacks
are so reliable.
it would likely take
a petroleum engineer
to get one to blow.
And one happened to be there.
What are the odds?
What are the odds he is the
only witness to survive?
And what are the odds
he would know to counter
on a settlement agreement?
It was presented as a
payout. not an offer.
And just like that. his little
girlfriend is a millionaire.
Wait a minute. 400.000
is a fucking insult
to this family. We
never go in that low.
My job is to limit
liability loss.
Do you know how this
company saves money?
Hmm?
We buy pipe in bulk
when demand is low.
We buy leases when
everybody's selling.
We get our trucks below holdback
because I go in
and drop ten grand
at Rick's Cabaret on
the sales manager.
We don't save money from
bereavement payments
to widows of our fucking friends
- of ours. okay?
- Oh. now they're friends. huh?
Yeah. they're friends. I went
to the girl's wedding. okay?
I see your little plan.
As I was saying.
my job is to limit
liability loss.
Everything you
touch has liability.
Yeah. well...
welcome to the oil business.
Now let me tell you something.
That explosion was an accident.
and you fucking know it.
And if you come after my son
to heal your little bruised ego.
next time it won't
be. all right?
That a threat?
Yeah. it's a fucking threat.
♪ But I'm pretty good
at faking sober ♪
♪ And pretty good at ♪
♪ Crossing over those ♪
♪ Lines ♪
♪ Oh. those lines ♪
Fuck.
- Hello.
- Day almost over?
It's over.
Well. how was it?
My days are
all the same. honey.
Come home.
I'll make you feel better.
I don't want to feel better.
Well. I want to feel better.
So. man up. get your ass home.
- take a Viagra. you selfish...
- I-I can't do this right now.
Can't do it. I'll see
you when I see you.
Uh. a scarecrow?
A-a. um...
drunk scarecrow?
Airplane crashing?
Dying bird... dead bird.
Uh. eagle.
Oh. dy-dying eagle?
- He's sweet.
- Hmm.
Uh. a drunk ghost?
- I mean. look at him.
- Turbine?
He's got an ass like a
couple of feed buckets.
- Uh. a fan?
- I don't know what the hell
you're doing in here with us.
You ought to be on all fours
in the back seat of his car.
That spin-spinny
thing. it's...
I know. but I wanted to see if
he cares about more than that.
Hu-Hu-Hurricane?
Time's up!
- "Windmill." dang it!
- Yes.
He does care.
Or he might just
want you so much.
he'll do anything to get it.
Ethel. that would be better.
Both roads lead to
the same place. honey.
Oh. my turn.
Uh. mask? Uh. uh.
dancing pirate?
Ooh. an animal? Oh. an
animal eating something?
Animal with a mask?
Target zone in sight.
Did you place hard
targets out here?
Negative.
Well. you've got some now.
Base. I think we have
bogeys in the TZ.
Bogeys in the target zone.
Did they take hits?
Sparrow one-one. did
the bogeys take hits?
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app